Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the Developer's (or Studio's) policies and practices relating to privacy data, which will cover how we collect, use, process, store and/or disclose personal information about you that is collected through the Developer's (or Studio's) App. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully.

I. How the Developer (or Studio) Collects Your Personal Information Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.

When you use the developer's (or studio's) App, we will collect your personal information during the user registration process, such as email address, phone number. In order to protect your privacy, you should not provide any information other than specifically requested by the developer (or studio).

II. How the developer (or studio) uses your personal information 1. Send you the service information of the developer (or studio) App through your personal information.

2. Realize the password recovery function through your personal information.

3. Except for the reorganization, merger or sale of the developer (or studio) and can transfer all the personal information we collect to relevant third parties, the developer (or studio) will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and the developer (or studio) provide you with services alone or jointly, and after the service ends, they will be prohibited from accessing all such information, including all such information that they were able to access before.

III. Security of Personal Information Ensuring the security of your personal data is of great importance to us.

This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused and altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Please keep your username and password information safe. Notwithstanding the aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

Therefore, although we protect your personal information by commercially acceptable means, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of it.

IV. How long will the developer (or studio) keep personal information In general, the developer (or studio) will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, and will comply with the data retention period stipulated by applicable laws.

V. Legal Disclaimer We have the right to disclose your personal information when required by law and when the developer (or studio) believes that it is necessary to disclose information about you to protect the legal rights and interests of the developer (or studio) and/or to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal procedures applicable to the developer's (or studio's) App.

We may disclose information about you if the developer (or studio) determines that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the developer's (or studio's) terms and conditions or to protect our operations.

VI. Changes to this Privacy Policy If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in this Policy, on the Developer's (or Studio's) website, and where we deem appropriate so that you understand how we collect and use your personal information, who has access to it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

The developer (or studio) reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check back often. If there are material changes to this policy, the developer (or studio) will notify you through a notice on the website.

VII. Privacy Issues If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy policy or data processing of the developer (or studio), please contact the developer (or studio) by email.
